Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: PyOPUS
Version: 0.7
Summary: A simulation-based design optimization library
Home-page: http://www.pyopus.si/
Author: Arpad Buermen
Author-email: arpadb@fides.fe.uni-lj.si
License: LGPL V3
Description: 
        PyOpus is a library for simulation-based circuit optimization. It provides 
        several optimization algorithms (Coordinate Search, Hooke-Jeeves, 
        Nelder-Mead Simplex, Successive Approximation Simplex, PSADE (global), ...). 
        Optimization algorithms can be fitted with plugins that are triggered at 
        every function evaluation and have full access to the internals of the 
        optimization algorithm. 
        
        PyOpus currently supports SpiceOpus and HSPICE (supports OP, DC, AC, TRAN, 
        and NOISE analyses, supports collecting of device properties like Vdsat). 
        The simulator interface is simple and can be easily extended to support any 
        simulator. 
        
        PyOpus provides an extensible library of postprocessing functions which 
        enable you to easily extract performance measures like gain, bandwidth, rise 
        time, slew-rate, etc. from simulation results. 
        
        The collected performance measures can be further post-processed to obtain
        a user-defined cost function which can be used for guiding the optimization
        algorithms toward better circuits. 
        
        Parallel computing is supported through the use of the PVM library. The 
        cluster of computers is represented by a VirtualMachine object which 
        provides a simple interface to the underlying parallel programming library. 
        
        An event-driven master-slave model of computation is implemented in the 
        EvtDrvMS class and enables you to quicly and easily implement parallel 
        algorithms by means of messages and message handlers. EvtDrvMS is capable of 
        handling host and task failures, as well as on-the-fly addition of new hosts 
        to the parallel computing environment provided that the underlying 
        virtual machine library supports it (e.g. PVM). 
        
        Currently the Parallel Point Evaluator (for Monte-Carlo and sweeps) and the 
        PSADE (global optimization) method support parallel runs across multiple 
        computers. 
        
        PyOpus provides a plotting mechanism based on Matplotlib and wxPython which 
        has an interface and capabilities similar to those available in MATLAB. 
        The plots are handled by a separate thread so you can write your programs 
        just like you were used to in MATLAB. The plotting capability is used in 
        the visual module that enables the programmer to quickly visualize the 
        simulation results after or even during the optimization run. 
        
Platform: Linux
Platform: Windows
